Hello everybody.
Welcome back.
Today we're going to review the data say that we're working with horder the rent and customer description
products product.
The first call that we see here is the user identifier.
In some sense this may be in e-mail but in this particular set this is a numerical ID that represents
each party use the first open call that base the day in time that the user first opened the app.
This is a very good measure to see when the user joins.
They are the week represents the day of the week and with zero meaning Sunday and six median settling
hour means the hour of the day when they first opened yet.
As you guys may have seen here is a correlation 2:14 a.m. meets the second hour 1:16 a.m. the first
power 7:19 p.m. means the 19 hour because in PM and so on and so for the next deal that we're working
with speech which is simply the nature of the use.
The next field is green lit.
Now this is perhaps the most important feature that we're going to be working with.
This is Christ every single screen name they use user has it.
In those first 24 hours.
The Commerce is a concept for a.
And we're going to be processing these data a lot more in that home because no screens means the number
of screens that appear in the screen.
For example if a person has seen 15 screens in those 24 hours means that the person glasses on it three
less flash site.
The law does not screen usually very many game is very specific to the status in the product that we're
working with.
They have a little media game that the players can play.
These are just a players play the game they get to either.
Players will not play at all in the first 24 hours.
You get a certain life is also a feature that appears in the app.
Many pages use the app have a life.
But if they use sites like any particular feature you will get one.
They use it not like any feature whatsoever.
They'll get to use Preview.
Now many times a user and rolls in a free trial but end up using only the features that are available
free version meaning that they don't think advantage of all the premium features that they could and
that person has never used any premium feature.
You may have the free trial they get you.
They have.
You know finally the roll call Tulsa's the response variable for this product.
This is what indicates whether or not they ended up evolving into the end product after the trial if
they are willing to pay probably why otherwise to go see and roll the Tulsa's when they roll into the
pros.
If they see this column right here and they is the only one that is not restricted to the first frappes
meaning that is involved it can happen any time that they can vote the year after two years after.
And this is what it measures.
So this is what we're going to be working with.
So in the next two videos we're going to do some easy hey we're going to find some very interesting
trends these days.
I hope you join me and until next time see you at.